what I want
that this is very important
great in couples' lives that I realize
day to day and probably all of you
that relate they realize this
that the difficulty of
communication between couples
people will sometimes offer their
companion or companion is there any
situation they are living unpleasant
some discomfort some annoyance
and usually these
people when it offers the other
offers in a way sometimes very
aggressive very very disconnected so
sometimes very invasive than another that
was when I heard is already very
bored no longer wants to talk
about the subject and can be a subject
very pertinent what I'm trying to do
warn if you pay attention
in three things I'll call it that
obviously this is not a rule but it may
help when we 're going to communicate someone
some fact in the relationship with a person who
we have to be careful like this in the
moment we are going to communicate
preference that is not something
who has other people together in
when the person arrives and says to his
companion started to follow some
thing the other does not like and has a
series of people with friends other
couples
so the moment that will speak another
important thing is the content of the
talk right what the people will say
to be careful is to offer the
another in a way so clear what
we are saying so is the content
of conversation and another form or something else
important is the form of the conversation
sometimes the person will say something ready
already increased voice is already screaming already
is angry any of these three
things that I put to you if
out of focus the person who is
listening will lose interest in
hear what is being said
so this is very important so
because the couples fight to discuss and
sometimes they are separated by things that
they are small but they are very poor
conducted on a daily basis
an example is your combined with the
my girlfriend to go to the movies with
her eight at night I get to pick up there
at 7 o'clock
and then it arrives in there 10 of its difficult
I'm in the waiting car, it's already 7
when she opens the door if I
I was annoyed with these 15 minutes and
massive this is time
Boxing delayed to look annoying do not have
regards to me but was already spoiled
The party is, the cinema is gone.
movie theaters
so details of this nature
so the person can tell the other
op waiting for the club nor 717 15 I am
here in the car
the subject matter here may be assaulted
and you never told me that this
transaction knows I went up to anything
of this nature but people generally
do not have this capability with this
competence to realize the other is
January when the person informs
thing to another and often it
informs you as if it was a charge or
so she does not want to hear the
time to say she is already charging
hoping that what he's saying is
the other has to agree with her
This is very common in
also so that the person starts from the
assumption that the other did something
wrong and she already leaves charging
Like that, gums so I agreed.
with you and you did not come and another person at
sometimes I did not even know the combination or why
passed the message on to someone and did not arrive
in her left message with the sister that he
sent it to her or vice versa so it's
very important that people have
caution when will they put her
for something else that is not
liking because it's very easy for us to
annoy if it irritates and if yes like
relations basically by pauteiro
a lot of control desire
one wants to rule the other's life then
I usually stumble on these things I
Sometimes you're walking through a
shopping or a sidewalk is in a bar
sitting and listening to people close to
times speaking louder
arguing about things so much
stupid
Like I left with this outfit.
Today I do not like
to go out with this clothes that I do not
like I remember the day when a
person telling me that the woman
I used to pack the clothes for him.
leave the house where the woman buttons and
some clothes and her husband did not
wanted those clothes put on other clothes
that he chose is the best he's stayed
curious was very very angry and
ray won because he was not even
accepting that the clothes she put on
you think as it is possible to
relationship to have some success when
the person wants to send a life of the other
so this is very important in these
communications because sometimes the
communications
people try to put it in the head of
other what they desire what they
think is what they want
they are not trying to talk to the
another to see if the other agrees or
not with their opinion then much of the
relationships have to do with this
example another example sometimes
people are together, I'm dating, they're going
and one of the two the woman many
times can not be undone with the
referral of that relationship because
did not feel caressed enough
that the guy wanted to fuck her face she did not
was excited enough and she
do not say anything
What will happen this will stay
inside it and into a
Initially she will mistreating the
Your partner is going to fight.
to annoy you for not bringing
here it is clearly from that moment of the
relationship
so this is a bit of a sense
so I wanted to share with you
about the difficulties that are many
relationships between couples